The 9th of May, 7 p.m., the Tengawa Airfield was completely occupied.
Then, the battle of Bukitema, which was not completely over, began.
Looking down from this side we can observe that a black apron осв norm isités 지 hébede
so that the People's Liberation Army is faced with the enemy's extraction of full anti-건설 round지는are.
Based on that, under the magnetic field, the enemy's firing fingernail regime begins.
Thus, during the departure of the
On this road,
a train goes,
a car goes,
and a car goes by.
And after that,
a car goes by.
A car goes by,
which has been standing for a long time.
And the car goes by.
The train goes by.
This attack
is probably
a good example
of the way
the train goes by.
This is the last attack
of the Tunga-Koro system.
This is the last attack.